Become a Sciqus AMS SELECT Partner - The AI-Powered Account Management Solution Get In Touch Get In Touch Edit Template Become a Drive Sales, Earn Revenue. SELECT Partners drive the expansion of Sciqus AMS while unlocking revenue opportunities. With access to our expertise, strategic support, and valuable resources, they can scale their business faster and maximize revenue Apply Now Already a partner? Go to the Portal Why Become a Sciqus AMS SELECT Partner? Sciqus AMS is transforming Account Management by eliminating revenue leakage, reducing churn, and unlocking new growth opportunities. As a SELECT Partner , you gain an exclusive opportunity to resell Sciqus AMS , open new revenue streams, and deliver a world-class solution that enhances efficiency and customer satisfaction. Revenue-Generating Opportunities As a SELECT Partner of Sciqus AMS offers stable revenue expansion with desirable margins. Market-Leading IT Solution – Provide a tested, in-demand platform that enhances Account Management. Sales & Technical Support Receive training, marketing assistance, and expert advice to achieve maximum success. Fast & Scalable Growth Enhance your business growth quickly with our support as a Partner Revenue-Generating Opportunities As a SELECT Partner of Sciqus AMS offers stable revenue expansion with desirable margins. Market-Leading IT Solution – Provide a tested, in-demand platform that enhances Account Management. Sales & Technical Support Receive training, marketing assistance, and expert advice to achieve maximum success. Fast & Scalable Growth Enhance your business growth quickly with our support as a Partner SELECT Partner Benefits Increase Revenue with Deal Protection Secure your sales opportunities with registered deals and sales assistance. Co-Branded Marketing Support Access exclusive marketing assets like co-branded campaigns, sales collateral, and joint webinars. Thorough Training & Enablement Get in-depth product training, pre-sales support, and technical certifications. Access to SELECT Partner Portal Manage deals, track progress, and access partner tools in one centralized portal. Selling Discounts & Rewards Enjoy competitive pricing, volume discounts, and performance-based rewards. Product Renewals & Recurring Revenue Ensure seamless Sciqus AMS subscription renewals while generating recurring revenue. Early Product Access Get exclusive access to new Sciqus AMS features before they launch to customers. Dedicated Partner Support Work closely with Sciqus AMS for successful deployments and ongoing assistance. Publish Your Success Stories Get promoted by sharing your achievements and case studies. How to Get Started as a Sciqus AMS SELECT Partner Apply for SELECT partner Program Get onboarded and start your journey with Sciqus AMS. Complete Training & Certification Get