How Effective Renewals Reduce Churn & Boost Customer Retention | Proven Strategies - The AI-Powered Account Management Solution Get In Touch Get In Touch Edit Template How Effective Renewals Reduce Churn & Boost Customer Retention | Proven Strategies Customer churn refers to the percentage of customers who terminate their relationship with a business. Churn is a major issue for companies spanning across any and every industry. The simplest remedy to Customer churn is to focus on customer renewal. When a renewal process is done correctly, it will create predictable cash flow and lead to a better relationship with your customers ultimately resulting in a decrease in customer churn. Understanding the Role of Renewals in Reducing ChurnRenewals offer rich learning moments in the customer lifecycle, allowing teams to reaffirm value received and address any issues. A structurally fluid renewal process has the potential to reduce churn in a variety of ways, such as:​ Reliable Revenue Stream : Regular renewals provide predictable income, thus supporting businesses with financial stability to plan for growth and resource allocation. This dependable revenue stream can be reinvested into the product or service, which ultimately increases customer retention or satisfaction rates. ​ Proactive Customer Engagement: If you engage with a customer prior to their renewal they will perceive you as being invested in their success. Offering personalized outreach to your customers about renewal gives them the unique opportunity to address implicit needs and reiterate value in their contract, which will help make the customer feel important and known. Opportunity for Feedback and Improvement: The moment a contract begins to close out is an optimal time to ask for a customer to provide feedback. Franchisees often encounter challenges related to execution. Taking time to understand the franchisee’s experience through the contract period and reflect on what challenges occurred, offers opportunities for immediate improvement and demonstrates to those franchisees that you care about making things better. The history of the customer experience leads to valuable opportunities for improvement that would not normally come to light without renewal conversations, and demonstrates an ongoing commitment to improvement. Opportunity for Upselling or Cross-Selling: A renewal opportunity is just that, an opportunity. Opportunities to introduce additional products or services aligning with an evolving need for that customer is how upsells occur. Given that a customer is renewing, this not only represents another stream of reliable revenue, it reinforces that product or service value