Cross-Selling: A renewal opportunity is just that, an opportunity. Opportunities to introduce additional products or services aligning with an evolving need for that customer is how upsells occur. Given that a customer is renewing, this not only represents another stream of reliable revenue, it reinforces that product or service value alignment, and ultimately creates more reliance on your business products and services. Proven Renewal Strategies to Reduce Churn & Improve Customer Retention Communicate Early and Openly: Open renewal conversations with customers long before the end of the contract date. Effective communication practices, early, and open, will prevent all surprises later and give customers time to think about their options. Personalized Renewal Offers: Offer renewal proposals based on their usage and objectives. Customized offers, based on a deep understanding of the customer’s situation, will show you are looking out for their best interests and will positively impact renewal. Flexible Payment Options: Flexible payment plans, such as Buy Now Pay Later (BNPL), can allow for improved budgets and take the complication out of renewal. This can have particular merits in small and medium enterprises dependent on cash flow variability. Support Customers to Onboard You product or service: Ensure customers feel supported and informed about your product or service from the beginning. As additional support and training are offered throughout the customer experience, the better your customer will feel about their investment and the more likely a renewal will come. Inform and Evaluate Using Predictive Analytics: Use data to justify any renewal offer and identify customers with the highest churn probability (or may not). Predictive analytics will look at a customer’s behavior to identify patterns, and to allow you to address concerns before a renewal period. Conclusion focusing on customer renewals is a great way to cut down on attrition. By creating personalized and proactive approaches to renewal, businesses can build long-term relationships, create predictable revenue, and allow for growth opportunities. Strong execution of these approaches promotes retention, and secures a business’s The AI-Powered Account Management Solution Linkedin Youtube Instagram FEATURES Renewals Proposals Opportunities QBRs Team Collaboration Customer Portal Ticketing Management Quotas & Revenue Targets Dashboards Knowledge Hub Integrations AI Suite KEY BENEFITS Retain Manage Grow NPS Single View of Account Customer Self-Service KEY ROLE Account Manager Customer Success Sales Ops Technical Support Products / Services Training & Implementation Finance & Accounts Legal & Compliance Marketing SOLUTIONS SaaS Product Companies IT Services Companies