Turning Afterthoughts Into Opportunities: Mastering Upselling and Cross-Selling in B2B - The AI-Powered Account Management Solution Get In Touch Get In Touch Edit Template Turning Afterthoughts Into Opportunities: Mastering Upselling and Cross-Selling in B2B Upselling and cross-selling are usually pushed down to the bottom of the priority list in B2B sales environments with high stakes on the line. Most account managers tend to be hyper-focused on getting new accounts onboarded and resolving fire drills of existing accounts. The problem is ignoring how to grow and manage existing relationships through upselling and cross-selling is a silent killer of revenue. The fact is that it costs six to seven times more to acquire a new customer than to retain and grow an existing customer relationship. Even with that logic established, there are still lots of companies that think about upselling and cross-selling afterwards in the sales process. In this blog, we will walk through why this is a bad idea and how simply following upselling best-practice strategies for account managers will result in the potential for big growth. We will also share actionable tips on cross selling in B2B sales in addition to an overview of effective cross selling as it relates to B2B sales. Why Upselling and Cross-Selling Are More Important Than Ever Activity Cost ROI Potential Acquiring new customer High Medium Upselling an existing customer Low High Cross-selling an existing customer Low High The Real Problem: A Reactive vs. Proactive Mindset Most businesses are reactive. Account managers wait until the renewal time, or when the customer raises a need. By that time, it is often too late. Your competitors may already be pitching better options. The truth is, upselling and cross-selling should be a part of the corporate account management system – not by accident. The Right Time to Upsell and Cross-Sell? It's Sooner Than You Think Timing is everything! But waiting for the “perfect moment” often leads to no moment.This is a simple flowchart to see when to bring up upselling or cross-selling: Pro tip: The best time to upsell is after initial success but before contract renewal. Best Practices for Upselling for Account Managers Account managers are more than just support; they are drivers of growth. They should utilize these best practices when upselling to find the hidden opportunities for revenue and increase customer satisfaction. Best Practices for Upselling: Think like your customer’s roadmap: Understand their priorities and