. Common Mistakes to Avoid Even with good intentions, many teams can fall into these traps: 🚫 Adding unrelated extras just to check a box 🚫 Trying to sell too soon in the relationship 🚫 Not following up after the sale 🚫 Not paying attention to account usage data 🚫 Not aligning with the customer’s business goals Avoiding these pitfalls is just as important as following best practices. Example from the Real World One of the top SaaS companies in the world put AI-driven insights on account usage in place, they were able to see that 40% of their customers were under utilizing a core functionality that was only available in the higher price tiers. Then they were able, through personalized proactive conversations that demonstrated use-case, to upsell 25% of those accounts in the first quarter, resulting in a 17% increase in Monthly Recurring Revenue (MRR)! Conclusion: Trust is the Prime Retention Weapon Used properly, upselling and cross-selling won’t feel like tactics — they will be valuable, timely conversations. Businesses who put the proper training, tools, and data in place for account managers will make faster strides in their accounts than businesses who’ve made account expansion an afterthought. ✅Add the upselling best practices for account managers to your sales playbook. ✅Structure your targeted cross selling tips to create a compelling story for your customers. ✅If you’re not already doing so, consider effective cross-selling in B2B sales as one of your growth pillars, not shortcuts to sales. Did you know? 70% of all buying experiences are based on how customers feel they are being treated (McKinsey) Companies prioritizing customer expansion strategies will grow revenues 1.8x faster than companies who do not ( Forrester ) It’s time to stop treating upselling and cross-selling like bonus rounds and start treating them as strategic pillars of customer success and growth. The AI-Powered Account Management Solution Linkedin Youtube Instagram FEATURES Renewals Proposals Opportunities QBRs Team Collaboration Customer Portal Ticketing Management Quotas & Revenue Targets Dashboards Knowledge Hub Integrations AI Suite KEY BENEFITS Retain Manage Grow NPS Single View of Account Customer Self-Service KEY ROLE Account Manager Customer Success Sales Ops Technical Support Products / Services Training & Implementation Finance & Accounts Legal & Compliance Marketing SOLUTIONS SaaS Product Companies IT Services Companies Product Reselling Partners Managed Service Providers Software Development Companies Cyber Security Companies AI & Data Analytics Companies RESOURCES Blogs Videos Support Plans User